Drop strip-ansi (#1713)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/healthy-actors-compare.md

---
'skuba': minor
---

> deps: Drop `strip-ansi` dependency, using [`util.stripVTControlCharacters`](https://nodejs.org/api/util.html#utilstripvtcontrolcharactersstr) instead

Author: ```suggestion
deps: Drop `strip-ansi` dependency in lieu of [`util.stripVTControlCharacters`](https://nodejs.org/api/util.html#utilstripvtcontrolcharactersstr)
```
